you
When you notice a dose who are against you are struggling a dose supporting you.
That is where you need today's deliverance.
In time comes in in my life.
When good things just vanish without any tangible reason.
When you have this, when joy, the joy of salvation.
I've taught this subject.
It time comes in the most life.
When I've taught being a Christian for a long time, you notice, nothing has improved since I became a Christian.
That is when you need today's deliverance.
It doesn't come in your most life.
When they're back to you and fighting seems to be getting strength and it's multiplying.
When you are tired of being tired,
Are you sick or being sick?
In time they come in your mouth's life.
When those who are supposed to help you, I avoid you like a lepa.
When everything you know how to do, you have thought.
Everything you know how to try.
You have tried.
But nothing to show for all your efforts.
The time that comes in a man's life, when you are evil, your Christianity is being mocked by unbelievers.
The time that comes in a man's life, when those who are pushing and not pushing you, the time that comes in a man's life, when your hand lose two shots in obtaining your desired breakthrough, when this isn't comes,
It is time to change your prayer.
When this kind of sizzling arrives, that is the time to change the realm of your prayers.
From the watch of your praying before to a new realm of prayer.
There are some problems that no man prayer cannot solve.
You need specific, unique prayers to deal with it.
The topic of today delivers how to
To get access to your prayers, you need specific prayers.
To paralyze such situations.
I prophesy.
Today you shall receive power.
To change the name of your prayers.
I'm not hearing your amen.
In life there are two keys.
that can get you anything alive.
Two keys.
Key of wisdom and key of power.
And all but key of wisdom and key of power are born out of players.
It is true players, you can get the key of wisdom.
It does win.
And Solomon prayed that God gave him that great wisdom that he used to.
spiritual power and great wisdom is born in the blemper room of prayer quickly Matthew chapter 7 now reach 7 and 8 acts and it shall be given you acts it shall be given unto you sick and yes shall find sick and yes shall find knock
and he shall be opened unto you.
The first one is acts.
Sick.
Then you knock.
Shout, Alleluia.
Now, there are levels of prayers.
There are battles.
And as there are different battles and there are also different kinds of weapons.
Now, if you are, there are two types of weapons.
The weapon you will use to build the wall and kill the enemy.
It's different from the weapon you use if your enemy is a mosquito.
If your enemy is mosquito, you don't use machine gun.
You use fleas.
Shout out to the enemy.
If your enemy is a human being, you don't use shadows.
You use machine code.
So we're going to look at the different ways we can pray and get results.
So you need strategic prayers to tackle strategic problems.
Now, how do I change the realm of my prayers to get results?
How do I change the realm of my prayers to get results?
When you are praying, if one level does not get you what you want, the best thing is to change the level, go to the next level.
And in that level, don't know what, go to another level.
And in that level, go to another level, go to that level until you get results.
Now, we're going to learn some of their levels.
We need to go to get our desired results.
Number one, level, Anson.
Anson.
Hey, Anson, somebody give me six.
No, the first line is Anson.
Anson is a different kind of player because the answer is to desire.
The answer is to inquire.
The answer is a request for you to be able to ask.
It is left for the person to give.
You can tell somebody, give me that barrel.
And the person says, no, they can do the person.
I want to use the Bible to write something.
That's a damn referring.
You bring out the facts.
Why you need that Bible?
That is another different realm of prayer.
Shout out to you.
So, number one is Anksing.
Anksing your needs from the Lord.
Number two, sick.
From the prayer of Anksing, you move to the prayer of sicking.
Second is inquiry players.
Second is prayer to group into the heavenlies.
To find out why the answer is not coming.
Second is to ask questions.
The way you pray and pray, I say, look, I need to find out why I have not gotten this result.
That was a solution.
A girl was rushed to the church, not opium.
When she was in the church, she was suspended.
Mother Russia, my daughter is dying.
My daughter is dying.
Please, pastor pray.
And the pastor started praying.
The more the pastor was praying, the more the girl was screaming.
She was dying.
So what did the pastor do?
The pastor now went into seeking.
Oh Lord, what is the problem?
Then that's it.
This, yeah, just committed that posture.
That is the problem.
Ah, the person said, hey, come.
Just committed that posture.
He said, yes.
So why are you coming to a church?
Russia talks without so they can take this message.
If the pastor did not pray for seek to seek, it would have wasted his time taking his demon that is oppressing the year.
While it is in many counting,
Shout to Eloya.
I've shared his testimony and our brother, how opium started.
The daughter was afflicted with problem, with an affliction, which he has taken the daughter to so many places.
And there was no result.
In fact, before he came to, by then, opium have not started.
He was
a very big person in a church.
So, when did Dada became very, very sick, divorced Dada.
He took the end to the pastor, the pastor prayed and prayed and prayed no way.
From there, he took the Dada down that place, took the Dada so many places.
The more he took the Dada those places, the more the problem was increasing.
Then somebody told him about, a pastor told him about
Um, don't mind me.
It brought the daughter.
But the more I was praying for the daughter, the more the problem was, that's increasing.
I don't understand.
Suddenly, when I sick, I said, God, what can I do?
Because I need this man to get a solution to this problem.
I went to the second, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
Like the church I came from, binding, casting, losing, all that.
I have never used that method.
So I took the Bible and I opened it.
And Jesus hid the leper.
Because she was tied down.
Very, very violent.
So they tied their leg in hand.
And Jesus hid the leper.
And what did he do?
When I reached, and Jesus healed the woman with each other of blood.
She closed her eyes and slept off.
As soon as she woke up, that affliction disappeared.
No binding, no casting, binding didn't work, casting didn't work.
All method of prayer didn't work.
Just reading, because I sick.
After I sick, she just reading, let her just be hearing.
Just reading the Word of God, reading the Word of God.
She slept off when she woke up.
So what am I doing here?
Why do you tie my hand?
Why this?
And that was it.
So, sick is a unique kind of player.
Today, you are going to seek.
Sick, second player is an inquiry player.
Second player is player of white.
Second player is to know the secret behind that problem.
The Bible says a child was born to King Jerome Wan.
the king of Israel.
King Jirubam told his back against God.
As not King Jirubam told his back against God, these tides that he had became very sick.
When Jirubam tried to become very sick, because he has told himself against God, he wanted to know what is wrong with that tide.
But he cannot go to the prophet of God because already he knows she is for charge.
He cannot go.
So what did he do?
He called his wife, disguised his wife.
You know, normally Quinn, you know, they go with entourage and all that.
But it is guys who have to be a different person.
But if we didn't, the prophet Aijah, the Aijah, was blind.
But as soon as the wife walked in at the door, the corner, the prophet said, ah, look at your gentleman wife.
Is that it or not?
That child is going to die.
Hey, the reason it is God that is killing that child, because God does not want that child to suffer the plague that God is bringing to your family.
Because all of you in that family have been condemned to punishment.
But God has looked at the only good thing is that boy, that boy.
So God doesn't want that boy to survive the punishment.
That's why God killed our boy so that he can do it to the people.
Stand up and pray this.
Buy the power in the blood of just Christ.
I refuse to suffer the judgment in my Father's house.
Buy the power in the blood of Jesus Christ.
I break myself free from the judgment in my Father's house.
Buy the power in the blood of just Christ.
In a normal, just happy to play.
Second player is digging deep with an agenda to recover.
When on second player, few tests are very, very important.
Number one, holiness.
When you're doing second player, you might be holy.
Number two, you must have determination.
Shout out, you lawyer.
Number three, you must be disciplined.
Number four, you must be consistent.
Not, you go like this, you go like this, consistent, focused.
So, if you are a sister, maybe you are sicking to find out, is this man, my husband?
And you have already slept with, you are sleeping with him.
What do you see?
It is his picture.
You can't get any results.
So you must be holy.
When you are doing second prayer, shout hallelujah.
Number three.
Hebrews chapter five.
Freedom verse seven.
Who in the days of his flesh?
When he had offered up prayers and supplications with strong crying and tears.
With strong crying.
And tears.
These are my sins.
Oh Lord, hear the voice of my weapon.
I don't mean the one you will sit down and be crying over your problem.
No, not on this.
Waste of time.
You sit down.
I don't have a job.
It's like I graduated.
What kind of life is this?
Oh?
Is I mad at him at once?
Wait a second.
I'm in crying to God.
You take your tears open.
Oh, my father.
Oh, I know you are in great court.
You are in great court.
Do something about my kiss.
So cry, your cry is to God, not to man, like the case of Hannah.
Hannah was crying to her, he went to touch.
Hannah did not sit in her house after the crying.
She went to her and cried onto God, the Alpha and the Omega.
And God had a cry.
Shout out, Eluia.
That is called liquid prayer.
The next realm of prayer is
Preya of vow.
If vow is like a contact that brings down the hand of God into your situation.
Like fall somewhere chapter 1, verse 11.
And if vow devow.
And hand of vow devow.
And say it.
Oh, lot of hosts.
If that would indeed look on the affliction of the handmaid.
And remember me.
And not forget that I hand-made.
But we give unto thy hand-made a man-child.
Then, I will give him unto the Lord.
All the days of his life.
I will give him unto the Lord.
All the rest of his life.
Vowel!
The vowel hand-made is not an easy vow.
She said, give me a man-child and I will donate him back to you.
A love will make you less vowel.
If I almost be something that will touch you, something that will shake you.
Imagine you've been looking for a child for a long time and say, God, enter your image and I'll give them to you back.
As soon as, somewhere grew, the mother, Hannah, took somewhere.
I said, oh yeah, believe in you.
Now, for Hannah to be able to see somewhere, she has to feel vis-a-fon.
To see her own son,
She will feel vis-a-fon, right application.
She cannot be seeing the sun every day as she wants.
You can't.
Because this is no longer your sun.
It is not once proper.
You don't have all limited access to that child.
That is a serious vow.
Not for a lot.
If you bless me, I will go to the other road three times.
You're not serious.
Lord, if you bless me, I will share testimony.
Oh, thank God, I will share testimony.
Oh, look at this person, no serious.
You must make him vow that I will touch him.
Then God will look for him and look at you.
I said, this is a vow.
Oh, Lord, you give me a job.
My first salary, imagine, the first salary I ever received.
Your first foot, the hand of the God,
What will you use for that month?
That is vow that will move you.
Shout out to Loya.
You make a sinless vow unto God.
So if that rhyme, they cannot vow that people ask you, are you crazy?
That's kind of what I'm talking about.
Anybody here, I say, come, are you sure you're something that's wrong with you?
Do you think if somebody like, when Abraham was carried Isaac to God and give to God and do it?
If he had told Sarah, Sarah would say, I'm by family spirit.
When Hannah made that covenant, when Hannah made that vow,
It ain't just any help, but it made me foul.
It's young God.
And do it.
It's you, my God.
So in that realm, there are different realms.
Amen?
I've seen that first realm.
Second realm is seeking, and the third realm is liquid prayer.
The fourth realm is foul.
Then the fifth realm,
is fasting, and prayer.
The disciple of Jesus wanted to cast out the demon, the crew cast it out, and they came to God, said, oh, why can't you get this one out?
He said, this cannot go away, or let's buy fasting, and prayer.
Moses fasted, Hana fasted, and Lyta fasted, even Dr. Jesus fasted.
So if the churches are fast, how about
us.
Food have destroyed so many destinies.
It's a sword is bad tried with food.
If you can control food, you can control your destiny.
Because that came upon the line of your ally.
Remember, ally is the priest.
Because that came upon him was because
His children, we are tampering with the offerings.
When it is little brothers for offering, in the other, that is life.
You have to be very careful on cost offering, because it has destroyed so many destiny.
The offering that comes to the rest of God, you have to be very, very careful.
Don't allow anything to influence you to tamper with it, because it comes with many judgments.
Somebody can come now,
with the word, I'll call this offering, because I'm giving it to you.
My problem, I drop my problem to you.
Or, bam!
Then you steal it.
You have stolen the present problem.
Shout out to your lawyer.
You have stolen that person's problem.
You have to be very, very careful when it comes to cause offering.
That's the ability to be very careful, because it's not something that will affect you.
It will affect you, but you
and your children are born.
Look at L.I.
What did L.I.
shouldn't do?
What did they do?
They would die before they attack.
Not it.
They were not there when they did.
The children of L.I.
stole those things.
But now, the generation of Wapov.
Shout Alleluia.
And the Christian that want to progress most fast.
Fast it in obedience to the Word of God.
You fast to purify yourself from sin.
Fast to God as pre-trust strength.
You fast to bring God into your special.
You fast to seek divine intervention.
If that were the work, you go to the next stage.
The next stage is in Machuichakthan 11, 12.
And from the days of John the Baptist.
Back.
Until now.
The Kingdom of Heaven suffer a violence.
And the violent take it by force.
And the violence.
So the next stage is wrestling.
Wrestling.
Wrestling prayers are violent prayers.
It is a midnight battle.
It is the machine gon' pray us.
The kind of prayer, Jacob prayed for seven hours.
I will not let you go unless you do it.
I will not let you go.
And just leave me now, let me go.
Leave me, let me go.
No, no.
I will not let you go unless you do it hard.
That is wrestling prayer.
The next one.
The next stage of prayer is mocking.
As a man is who is knocking on the door continually, you have been wrong with you.
Because knocking prayer is a painful prayer.
A level that you may be, that you may express some pain.
A level that may make you lose weight.
But the person knocking and the person behind it though, don't sleep.
If you are not giving your life to Christ, you are missing a lot.
Kneel that way by the way, what is the learning of Christ is simple.
Just need to let me pray with you.
Repeat this after me.
Father, Lord, I have sinned.
I have sinned against you.
And I don't know what this is against you.
Forgive me, my sins.
Remove my left from the Book of Dent.
I'm trying to fight the Book of Life.
I promise.
Start it from today.
I will never go back to my own ways again in Jesus' name.
So I said, firstly, I need to just let me pray with you.
Father, in our mighty name of Jesus, for they say your take my people that are calm in my name,
Shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabbat shabb
to die in the name of Jesus.
Let this point, for this one is the example of God in the name of Jesus.
You forstation, disappointment, poverty right now, I command you in the name of Jesus to fucking this life now, to relieve you this day now in the name of Jesus.
Relations, so many things will lead to happening in your life.
But also, I must say, if I take you to come and see me, it's very easy.
You don't need to pay for it to see me.
You don't need to send no logistics.
Truly God is here.
I am a testimony and I am a witness.
You are the same God yesterday.
You are the same God today.
You are the same God forever.
You change it now.